# Module 3: Abstraction & Encapsulation

## Objective
The objective of this module is to get hands-on experience with the following topics:
1. Introduction to Abstraction
2. Abstract classes and interfaces
3. Access Modifiers (public, private, protected)


# Lab 3.2

## Objectives
1. Understand and implement packages in Java.
2. Understand the import statement.
3. Understand and implement access modifiers in Java.

## Problem Statement
Re-factor the project structure according to coding standards by creating two packages named `com.digisafari.service` and `com.digisafari.main`. Move the respective classes to these packages, add import statements, and apply the necessary access modifiers.

### Tasks
1. **Create a new package** `com.digisafari.service` and move `Payroll.java` and `PayrollImpl.java` to this package. (Don't worry about the errors; we will fix them in the coming tasks)
2. **Create another package** `com.digisafari.main` and move `Main.java` to this package. (Don't worry about the errors; we will fix them in the coming tasks)
3. **Ensure** that the necessary import statements are automatically generated by the IDE in `Main.java`, `Payroll.java`, and `PayrollImpl.java`.

    Example: `Main.java`
    ```java
    package com.digisafari.main;

    import com.digisafari.domain.Designer;
    import com.digisafari.domain.Developer;
    import com.digisafari.domain.Employee;
    import com.digisafari.service.PayrollImpl;
    ```
    *Hint: If you are unable to see them, expand the code at line 3.*

4. **In `Employee.java` make the following changes:**
   - Make all instance variables and static variables private.
   - Make the no-argument constructor `Employee()` public.
   - Make all methods public.
   - Generate `getter()` and `setter()` methods for all instance and static variables.

5. **In `Developer.java` make the following changes:**
   - Make `noOfProjects` private.
   - Make all methods public.
   - Generate `getter()` and `setter()` methods for the `noOfProjects` property.
   - To remove errors when accessing properties directly, use getter methods.  
     *Example: `empId -> getEmpId()`, `name -> getName()`.*

6. **In `Designer.java` make the following changes:**
   - Make `noOfWebsites` private.
   - Make all methods public.
   - Generate `getter()` and `setter()` methods for the `noOfWebsites` property.
   - To remove errors when accessing properties directly, use getter methods.  
     *Example: `empId -> getEmpId()`, `name -> getName()`.*

7. **In `Main.java`**:
   - Remove the statements that access properties on `employee1` and `employee2` objects directly.
   - *Hint: Make sure to save the files. All errors should now be resolved.*

8. **Run `Main.java`** and observe that the output is the same as in the previous lab, but with properly implemented Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) principles.
